Here are some common AWS interview questions categorized by topic:

Role: AWS devops/Cloud engineer 
Exp: 3-5 years

General Cloud Computing Concepts
What is cloud computing?
Explain the different types of cloud computing services.
IaaS (Infrastructure as a Service)
PaaS (Platform as a Service)
SaaS (Software as a Service)
What are the advantages of cloud computing?

AWS Basics
What is AWS?
Explain the difference between AWS regions and availability zones.
What are some of the most commonly used AWS services?
How do you manage AWS services?
AWS Management Console
AWS CLI (Command Line Interface)
AWS SDKs

Compute Services
What is Amazon EC2?
Explain the different types of EC2 instances.
What is auto-scaling and how does it work?
What is Elastic Load Balancing (ELB)?

Storage Services
What is Amazon S3?
Explain the difference between S3 storage classes.
What is Amazon EBS (Elastic Block Store)?
What is Amazon Glacier?

Database Services
What is Amazon RDS?
What is DynamoDB?
What is Amazon Redshift?

Networking
What is Amazon VPC?
Explain the purpose of subnets in a VPC.
What are security groups and network ACLs?
What is Route 53?

Security
What is IAM (Identity and Access Management)?
How do you secure data in transit and at rest in AWS?
What is AWS KMS (Key Management Service)?

DevOps and Automation
What is AWS CloudFormation?
What is AWS Elastic Beanstalk?
What is AWS CodePipeline?
Monitoring and Management
What is Amazon CloudWatch?
What is AWS CloudTrail?
How do you use AWS Config?

Cost Management
How do you estimate costs in AWS?
What is the AWS Free Tier?
What are Reserved Instances and how do they differ from On-Demand instances?

Advanced Topics
Explain the concept of serverless computing and AWS Lambda.
What is Amazon ECS (Elastic Container Service) and EKS (Elastic Kubernetes Service)?
What is AWS Fargate?

Practical Questions
How would you set up a highly available and scalable web application on AWS?
Describe a scenario where you had to troubleshoot an AWS service issue.

Behavioral Questions
Describe a challenging AWS project you worked on.
How do you keep up with the latest AWS updates and features?
How do you handle failure in a cloud environment?

These questions cover a range of topics and difficulty levels, so it's a good idea to review and understand each area thoroughly before your interview.